Name:  Rhay C. Scott
CSBSS Chapter 1 HW01
Date:  July 6, 2020

1. A console application is an application that runs in a Command Prompt window instead of providing a graphical user interface (GUI).

2. .net Framework .net Core vs. ASP.netNET framework to develop applications for all major operating system including Mac, Linux, and Windows. . NET Core supports UWP and ASP.NET Core only. ASP.NET Core is used to build browser-based web applications and currently, it does not support a desktop application with the user interface.

3. The Main method designates the program’s entry point. This method should be defined in the manner specified in the Program class as a static method; otherwise, the .NET Framework might not recognize it as the starting point for your application when you run it. (You will look at methods in detail in Chapter 3, “Writing methods and applying scope,” and Chapter 7 provides more information on static methods.)

4.An SLN file is a structure file used for organizing projects in Microsoft Visual Studio. It contains text-based information about the project environment and project state. When opened, the preSolution, Project, and postSolution information is read from the SLN file.

.csproj" is a Visual Studio .NET C# Project file extension. This file will have information about the files included in that project, assemblies used in that project, project GUID and project version etc. This file is related to your project. It will be automatically generated when we create. ".

AssemblyInfo. cs contains information about your assembly, like name, description, version, etc. You can find more details about its content reading the comments that are included in it

5.  A namespace is a declarative region that provides a scope to the identifiers (the names of types, functions, variables, etc) inside it. Namespaces are used to organize code into logical groups and to prevent name collisions that can occur especially when your code base includes multiple libraries.

6.The C# using statement defines a boundary for the object outside of which, the object is automatically destroyed. The using statement in C# is exited when the end of the "using" statement block or the execution exits the "using" statement block indirectly, for example - an exception is thrown

7.C# applications have an entry point called Main Method. It is the first method which gets invoked whenever an application started and it is present in every C# executable file. The application may be Console Application or Windows Application. The most common entry point of a C# program is static void Main() or static void Main(String []args).

Like in WPF applications you can change the Build Action of App.xaml file properties to Page and you can write and customize the Main function(entry point) in App.xaml.cs. My question is how this can be done in UWP applications currently my Application contains the Main function in obj file.

8.  An assembly is a file that is automatically generated by the compiler upon successful compilation of every . NET application. It can be either a Dynamic Link Library or an executable file. It is generated only once for an application and upon each subsequent compilation the assembly gets updated. like .executable files

9. 19

10. there is no relation

11.App with a GUI (graphical user interface) is a system of interactive visual components for computer software. A GUI displays objects that convey information, and represent actions that can be taken by the user. ... GUI objects include icons, cursors, and buttons

12.Build means compile and link only the source files that have changed since the last build, while Rebuild means compile and link all source files regardless of whether they changed or not. Build is the normal thing to do and is faster.

13.Bytecode is the term given to intermediate assembly languages. C#,VB and Java all compile to a form of byte code. When bytecode is ran it is transplied or translated into machine code and then executed.  

CIL (Common Intermediate Language) is a bytecode and the language of the . NET platform into which are compiled source code written in high level languages. ... The source code from high-level language (C#, Basic or other language) is compiled in CIL and stored into an assembly.

CIL was originally known as Microsoft Intermediate Language (MSIL) during the beta releases of the . NET languages. Due to standardization of C# and the CLI, the bytecode is now officially known as CIL.

14 Debug allows us to stop execution on a particular line, pass through the code line by line, and test the state of the application. The basic tool for achieving Debug application code in the Visual Studio development environment is break points.
